Version updates for 1.21.0 (#967)
AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-java: changelog.txt

Version 1.21.0
=============

> - Add support for claims and client capabilities in Service Fabric scenarios (#929, #943)

Reviewer: Maybe mention "token revocation" in some way?

Author: Just changed it to "Add support for claims, client capabilities, and token revocation in Service Fabric scenarios"

> - Add support for claims and client capabilities in Service Fabric scenarios (#929, #943)

Author: ```suggestion
- Add support for claims, client capabilities, and token revocation in Service Fabric scenarios (#929, #943)
```

> - Add support for claims and client capabilities in Managed Identity scenarios (#929, #943)

Reviewer 2: @gladjohn - can this be merged now?

Author: The new public claims/capabilities APIs were added in https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-java/pull/929 and already released, and https://github.com/AzureAD/microsoft-authentication-library-for-java/pull/943 added the actual behavior behind those APIs just in Service Fabric

Maybe the changelog should say "Add support for claims and client capabilities in Service Fabric scenarios" to be more clear? Because if it isn't actually ready for release that should've been mentioned in the PRs

> - Add support for claims and client capabilities in Managed Identity scenarios (#929, #943)

Author: ```suggestion
- Add support for claims and client capabilities in Service Fabric scenarios (#929, #943)
```

> - Improve retry logic for HTTP requests, and add API to disable retries (#960, #963, #964)

Reviewer 2: Please inform Vinay about this new API, otherwise it's going to be a breaking change for them if they don't use the API.

Author: Are you saying that having IMDS scenarios retry on a couple of different status codes from normal managed identity is considered a breaking change? If so, why would it only be a problem for Azure SDK? 

Other than the status codes for IMDS it was just a refactor of the existing retry behavior, and a new API to disable that behavior
